------------------
About This Program
------------------

This patch is meant to be used with wview-4.0.1.  It is meant to be used
with the Thermor / BIOS Weather Station Daemon (ws9xxd).  You will need
to obtain ws9xxd and get it running before using this patch.

Instructions for obtaining wview, learning to use it, and applying this
patch can be found in the file, INSTALL.  Once you have done this, you
may want to refer to this README file again for more information.

--------------------
The Humidity Problem
--------------------

Or really, the lack of humidity readings problem.  The Thermor / BIOS
Weather Stations do not have an outside humidity sensor.  The humidity
sensor is actually located in the inside unit, in the receiver that
connects to your computer.  Because of this, the outside humidity
reading is always set to 1% (because setting it to 0% exposes a bug
in the SQL export functionality, if you enable it).

This artificial setting leads to wview showing incorrect readings for
things such as dew point, heat index, air density, etc.  You will want
to edit the html templates that are included with wview and remove
entries for the above readings.  The charts for temperature and wind
chill also include the dew point and heat index readings.  You can
replace these charts by enabling temperature only, and windchill only
charts in the wview configuration file, images.conf.  You will also
need to modify the html templates to use the new chart files.

-------------------------------
Using ws9xxd and wview Together
-------------------------------

Whenever you need to change the batteries in the weather station,
making changes to ws9xxd (such as running it with different command
line parameters), or other tasks which may take the weather station
offline, you should stop wview, then perform whatever tasks you have.

Before starting wview, you should first run ws9xxd and make sure it
is serving valid data by checking its log file, or running the
example client.  Once the data looks good, then you can start wview.
This helps prevent invalid data from getting inside wview's data files,
which are a pain to edit out.

------------------
Outstanding Issues
------------------

The main, and only real issue known at this point is, what happens when
the indoor receiver loses connectivity to the outside unit, and what
happens if the rain or wind sensors go offline (such as getting
physically disconnected).  We don't know.  I have not yet experimented
with this situation - my advice is just to try not to let it happen.
It could be that wviewd itself stops running, and you'll need to
regain connectivity, and restart wview.  Or perhaps you could get
incorrect readings.

This problem will be tested for and dealt with in a future release.
The solution will probably not be perfect, but at least it can be
handled somewhat gracefully.
